README.md, before:

# Simple-HTN-Planner
PyHop is a simple Hierarchical Task Network (HTN) planner written in Python by [Dana Nau](https://www.cs.umd.edu/users/nau/); here is a trivial port of PyHop 2.0 in Visual Studio (2019) C++.

[PyHop 2.0 Github repo](https://github.com/oubiwann/pyhop)

[Dana Nau's slides on HTN Planning -- PyHop and the "Travel" example are detailed](https://www.cs.umd.edu/users/nau/apa/slides/htn-planning.pdf)

The file "MyHop.py" contains the python code to run the PyHop "Travel" example; tested with VS 2019 Python. I've uploaded this file so that you can compare the C++ code to the Python code.

I did my best to (i) keep PyHop identifiers in the C++ code, and (ii) print exactly what and when PyHop does print something, so you should be able to follow the C++ code from the Python code.

Currently:
1. C++ code only runs the travel example from PyHop; other examples will follow.

2. Planner and (travel) example are in one file (main.cpp); further commits will split planner and examples (planning domains), and I'll try to keep the C++ code as simple as possible.

3. I've branched this project to produce a version able to run PyHop's blocks-world examples; its name is "Blocksworld" and is currently under development.

4. Get the master branch to get a stable version which (only) runs the travel example.

5. The Blocksworld branch is now closer to PyHop's Python code and also runs the travel example correctly; only the first should-fail & should-succeed blocks world examples run correctly.

Commit message:

Updates for both master and BlocksWorld branches.

README.md, after:

# Simple-HTN-Planner
PyHop is a simple Hierarchical Task Network (HTN) planner written in Python by [Dana Nau](https://www.cs.umd.edu/users/nau/); here is a trivial port of PyHop 2.0 in Visual Studio (2019) C++.

[PyHop 2.0 Github repo](https://github.com/oubiwann/pyhop)

[Dana Nau's slides on HTN Planning -- PyHop and the "Travel" example are detailed](https://www.cs.umd.edu/users/nau/apa/slides/htn-planning.pdf)

The file "MyPyHop.py" contains the python code to run the PyHop "Travel" example; the file "BlocksWorldPyHop.py" contains the python code to run both the "Travel" and the "Blocksworld" examples from PyHop.

Both "MyPyHop.py" and "BlocksWorldPyHop.py" have been tested with VS 2019 Python; I've uploaded both files so that you can compare the C++ code to the Python code.

I did my best to (i) use PyHop identifiers in the C++ code, and (ii) print exactly what and when PyHop does print something, so you should be able to follow the C++ code from the Python code.

Currently:

1. C++ code of the master branch only runs the "Travel" example from PyHop.

2. C++ code of the BlocksWorld branch runs both the "Travel" and the "Blocksworld" examples from PyHop.

3. In each branch, C++ code of both planner and examples is in one file (main.cpp).

4. Get the master branch to get a stable version which (only) runs the "Travel" example.

5. Get the BlocksWorld branch to get a stable version which runs all examples (both "Travel" and "Blocksworld"); this branch is closer to PyHop's Python code than the master branch.

6. I intend to merge the 2 branches and create a new branch where I'll split the C++ code as is done for the PyHop Python code.
